feat(clp-package)!: Dispatch batches of search tasks in parallel to improve query scheduler throughput. (#2184)
y-scope/clp: docs/src/user-docs/guides-docker-compose-deployment.md

   * When using local filesystem storage (i.e., not S3), set `logs_input.directory`,
     `archive_output.storage.directory`, and `stream_output.storage.directory` to directories on the
     shared filesystem.
   * (Optional) set `scheduler_concurrency` under `query_scheduler` to control
     the size of the process pool used by the query scheduler. Higher

>      concurrency can help improve performance for larger clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     concurrency can help improve throughput when many query jobs can be
     run concurrently in larger clusters.
```
